coming in this afternoon.
Kira, we've got six
Byzatium transports
I've got to have
more cargo space.
All right, have them off-load
( sighs )
into Cargo Bays 3 and 4,
but that's it.
our storage capacity as it is.
We are pushing
Well, that reminds me--
we got a message last night
saying the Byzallians
want to move their
conference up by a week.
( sighs heavily )
I haven't had a chance to read
through last night's reports.
Is there anything else
I should know?
Well, um...
What?
a complete report done
Starfleet wants
calibration subroutine.
on our computer
The whole subroutine?
When?
Tomorrow.
( sighs )
transport's been delayed,
Major, the scheduled
and I need those medical
supplies by the end of the week.
We can't spare a runabout
to Vulcan right now.
to go all the way
I'm supposed to be setting up
a field hospital
on Campor III next week.
for a new colony
those medical supplies,
And if I don't get
colonization schedule
then the entire
could be set back
by at least...
Listen to me!
You can't have
a runabout.
your medical supplies
You cannot get
and I don't give a damn about
the colonization schedule!
Those colonists can make do
with a box of bandages
for all I care.
Stop right there,
Major.
When was your last day off?
I don't know.
What does that have to do
with anything?
then it's been too long.
If you can't remember,
You're off duty,
as of this moment.
What do you mean
I'm off duty?
You can't do that.
Oh, yes, I can, and not
even Commander Sisko
can overrule my judgment
as Chief Medical Officer.
Now... now, wait
a minute, Julian.
Just because I snapped...
My diagnosis is
that you are overworked,
from extreme stress
and suffering
and borderline exhaustion.
As for my prescription...
Follow me.
Karvino juice,
Lorvan crackers,
a holosuite program,
and gambling tokens.
a jumja stick
Now, at least two
of these items
must be used and fully enjoyed
before you leave this facility.
Julian, I...
I'll be giving you
a full report
of her activities, Doctor.
And if I hear you
didn't completely relax
and enjoy yourself
tonight,
we'll do this every
night until you do.
( sighs )
Have fun!
MAN:
Looks like you've got
your evening all planned.
Hope you've got room
for the unexpected.
Welcome aboard, Commander.
Thank you.
Call me Will.
What brings you
to Deep Space 9?
Strictly pleasure.
about three months of leave,
Actually, I have built up
and Dr. Crusher finally insisted
that I take some of it.
( laughs )
She nearly shoved me
out of the airlock.
known as a vacation spot.
Well, DS9 isn't exactly
Actually, I was just
passing through
The last time I was here,
on my way to Risa.
a couple of hours at Quark's.
I was only able to spend
But by the time I left,
I had all of his latinum
with one of his dabo girls,
and a date
I might try my luck again.
so I thought
You be careful.
Quark's dabo wheel's been
a little stingy lately
and one of his dabo girls
is dating my son.
In that case, I
think I'd better
in the holosuite.
spend my time
all the way around.
It sounds safer,
Who's in there?
Who's in with Benjamin?
What?
Will Riker from the Enterprise.
Oh, it's Will... Commander
Will Riker?
You know him?
Yeah.
I met him a year ago
at Quark's.
He's, uh, quite
a dabo player.
Hmm.
Do you know him?
Yes, a little.
I met him at Quark's last night.
You met him
last night, and...?
And we talked.
And then?
And then we talked.
For three hours.
No, we just talked.
And, yes, he's a warm,
charming man...
but I'm involved with someone.
Of course.
So why do you keep glancing
back at Sisko's office?
SISKO:
If you can find the time,
you have an open invitation
for dinner with me and Jake.
take you up on that.
Thank you. I may
I hope you're not
here for another loan.
Don't tell me
you've forgotten
who staked you three
strips of latinum
when your winning
streak ran dry.
I'm sorry.
Of course.
Most of that night's
still a blur.
How have you been, Dax?
Fine.
Well, I'd better
get out of your way.
I know you all
have work to do.
Hope to see
you again.
Major.
Commander.
Oh!
I'm sorry.
That's all right.
My mind was a million
light-years away.
I should have been paying
attention to where I was going.
You doing
some shopping?
Well, actually, I was just
exploring the Promenade.
I'd thought about
going into Quark's,
but I wasn't really
in the mood.
Where are you off to?
I'm just getting
off duty.
Oh, I see.
I was about
to call it a night.
Well, good night.
Good night.
Commander?
Would you like a tour
of the station?
I'd love one.
Where should we begin?
We can walk along
the Promenade
for a start.
There's quite a bit
to see here.
You think we might
get a chance
to look at that new
starship of yours?
What do you call it, the...
Oh, the Defiant.
Yes, the Defiant.
I understand
it's quite a vessel.
I'm sure that
can be arranged.
for access to USS Defiant.
Please identify
COMPUTER:
Major Kira Nerys,
Bajoran militia.
Identity confirmed.
Commander William Riker,
Starfleet.
Identity confirmed.
( electronic instrument humming)
Chief, I didn't
know anyone else
was on board tonight.
Oh, I hadn't planned to.
Ouch!
a little extra work done
I was just getting
targeting arrays.
on the deflector
Commander...
I'd heard you were aboard,
but I-I hadn't...
There's nothing to say
to you, O'Brien.
I think you know why.
Well, maybe we should
come back another time.
No, no, no, Major,
it's all right.
I was just leaving.
Commander.
What was all that about?
Ah, it's a long story.
I'd rather not
get into it.
Let's take a look
at this ship of yours.
Okay. I'll, uh, show you
the tactical systems first.
Think you're going
to be surprised
at how big a punch
this little ship has.
Running the plasma conduit
through your primary
phaser coupling
has almost doubled
your phaser power.
Doesn't that cut into
your warp drive efficiency?
Not at all, in fact,
it's 30% more efficient.
That's ingenious.
how it's all routed
I'd like to see
through the tactical display.
Command authorization required.
COMPUTER:
New security procedure.
release Bridge lockout.
Computer,
Authorization: Kira
Delta-5-4-7-Alpha.
Thank you.
Ah!
( alarm sounding )
What's going on?
DAX:
I'm not sure, but
something happened
to the warp core
on the Defiant.
It looks like it's going
to breach in 57 seconds.
Anyone on board?
O'Brien was working
there this morning
but I don't know if he...
It's Commander Riker.
from the Defiant.
Incoming signal
On screen.
there's been an accident.
Commander Sisko,
RIKER:
conduits has exploded.
One of the plasma
Major Kira has been injured.
from a core breach.
We are 45 seconds
Release the docking clamps.
I will get us away
from the station.
We'll beam the two of you out of
there as soon as you're clear.
Docking clamps released.
I'm engaging thrusters.
15 seconds.
Lock on and beam them
away, Chief.
I can't get a lock.
What?
The Defiant's
shields are up.
She's gone into warp.
I've lost them.
We're beyond
their sensor range.
Lay in a course for the
Badlands, warp seven.
Tamal, secure that conduit.
Right.
Course laid in.
We'll be in the Badlands
in six hours.
You did it, Tom.
It's not over yet.
a transporter accident
Nine years ago
William T. Rikers.
created two
One of them returned
to his ship,
the other was marooned
on Nervala IV.
The second Riker was
finally discovered
two years ago.
He chose to use his
middle name, Thomas,
to distinguish himself
from the other Riker.
The two men are physically
identical in all respects,
to their DNA coding.
right down
for the security computer
There was no way
to know that it was
Thomas, not William,
who boarded
the Defiant.
a very entertaining story,
This is
I listening to it?
but... why am
We have reason
to believe
that Thomas Riker is
a member of the Maquis.
What?
ODO:
Thomas Riker
was serving aboard
the starship Gandhi.
While he was there,
he began to express
certain political opinions,
opinions that supported
the Maquis and their goals.
Are you telling me...
armed warships in this Quadrant
that one of the most heavily
of Maquis terrorists?
is now in the hands
( sighs )
what kind of response
Do you have any idea
from the Central Command?
this will provoke
They'll probably want
to send ships
into the
Demilitarized Zone
to conduct a search.
We understand that,
but any entry into the Zone
must be a joint operation
between Cardassia
and the Federation.
will not be interested
The Central Command
in any joint operation,
Commander.
They won't believe
your story
about transporter duplicates
and security failures.
They will assume
that Starfleet
to have the Defiant,
wanted the Maquis
and they will
respond accordingly.
And what does that
mean exactly?
It means they will seize
this opportunity
to finally eliminate
the Maquis.
They will send a fleet
into that Zone.
in a search for the Defiant,
Starfleet will cooperate
but they will not allow
the Central Command
to use this as an excuse
for a full-scale invasion.
Of course not.
So you will send your
own fleet into the Zone
to protect
Federation colonies.
But at some point,
the two fleets will meet,
tensions will rise,
nerves will fray,
and someone will make
the tiniest mistake.
And we'll have a war
on our hands.
It is a prospect I do
not relish, Commander.
Neither do we.
That's why we need
to work together
to prevent it
from happening.
Well, unless
I can bring
to Central Command
something back
to prove your good faith,
to help stop the Defiant,
and your willingness
can prevent this conflict
I don't believe anything
from beginning.
Then bring me with you.
I can help you stop
the Defiant
and prove our good faith.
I was in charge
of the shipyard
where the Defiant
was built.
I helped design it.
I know her
vulnerabilities
and her weaknesses.
You'll help us destroy
one of your own ships?
I want to try and
disable it first.
Oh, I'm sure you do.
to bargain here, Commander.
But you are in no position
You want to prevent a war,
you come back to Cardassia
with me, and you help me
destroy the Defiant.
I don't care who you are
or what your name is.
I am sorry about lying to you,
and I'm sorry about using you.
operational necessity!
It was an
You were
a resistance fighter.
You know that certain times
you do things that
you're not proud of
to accomplish the mission.
your mission, so now what?
Well, you accomplished
to be looking for you.
Everyone's going
The Cardassians and Starfleet.
How far do you think you're
going to get with this ship
before they find you?
than people anticipate.
A lot farther
Kalita to Riker.
the rendezvous point.
We've reached
I'm on my way.
The other Maquis
ships just arrived.
The rest of
the team's ready.
Lower the shields
and beam them aboard.
The Maquis ships
All defense systems
are heading
for the border, Tom.
on line and operational.
Warp power standing by.
Cardassian border, warp eight.
Lay in a course for the
Course already laid in.
This ship was built to fight.
she got her chance.
I think it's time
Engage.
Stardate 48467.3.
Commander's Log,
SISKO:
Gul Dukat and I have arrived
on Cardassia Prime.
which goes against 20 years
I'm about to do something
of Starfleet training--
help an enemy hunt down
one of our own ships.
This is where I'll be
conducting the search
for the Defiant.
From this room,
I can control
every Cardassian
ship, outpost,
and space station
anywhere in our...
( door opening )
DUKAT:
Ah, Commander, allow me
to introduce Korinas,
our observer from
the Obsidian Order.
Commander Sisko.
Korinas.
Welcome to Cardassia
Prime, Commander.
Thank you.
Excuse me.
while the human is here.
Secure that console
Anything else classified
level 4 or above
should also be secured.
I'm sure you can understand
that although we all respect
Gul Dukat's decision
we must take some precautions.
to bring you here,
Of course.
I would have done the same.
But then...
I would have been
more discreet.
Since you are here
to provide technical expertise
on the Defiant,
I suggest you begin
by briefing us
defensive capabilities.
on the ship's
Please, describe for us
in detail
the weapons systems
of the Defiant,
beginning with
the ship's phaser array...
Before we discuss weaponry,
there's a more urgent matter
that I think
you should be aware of.
The Defiant is equipped
with a cloaking device.
were going to share
I wondered if you
that little detail with us.
You knew about this?
The Obsidian Order
has known for some time
of a cloaking device
about the loan
from the Romulans
to the Federation.
And the Order chose not
to share this intelligence
with the Central Command?
Until now, the Order had not
considered this one cloak
against Cardassia.
to be a threat
( snorts )
Under our terms of agreement
with the Romulans,
the cloaking device
was to be used
only in the Gamma Quadrant,
and then only in exchange
for all our intelligence
reports on the Dominion.
Well, your Lieutenant
Riker isn't likely
to respect that agreement
with the Romulans,
and there's no way
to locate a ship
under cloak.
There is
one possibility.
The Dominion managed
to penetrate the cloak
by using some kind
of antiproton beam.
Can you give us the
specifications of that beam?
Not precisely,
but I can give you
everything we've learned
from our sensor logs.
It'll give you a chance
to find the Defiant
before she attacks.
( console beeping )
We're approaching
the security perimeter, Tom.
All right, this is it.
Red alert.
Cloak the ship.
Stand by, weapons.
Squadron Baker
has arrived
at their checkpoint.
Transmit the
go-ahead signal.
sensor range in five minutes.
We'll be in Cardassian
There is a perimeter alert
in the Almatha sector.
Put it on the main viewer.
Who's commanding the outpost
nearest that ship?
CREWMAN:
Gul Toran
of the Sixth Order.
And he's identified the vessel.
It's the Defiant.
Order all warships
to converge on the Defiant.
in that sector
Something's wrong.
Why wouldn't they
be cloaked?
Can you show me the sensor
information on the Defiant?
attacking Outpost 61.
The Defiant is
DUKAT:
Tell Gul Toran
that he has permission
to pursue the Defiant
into the Demilitarized Zone.
No, don't pull your ships
off the border.
Commander, you don't expect me
to break off pursuit
of the Defiant
simply because the treaty's...
That's not the Defiant.
It's a decoy.
patrol ships out of position.
They're trying to draw your
out a fake warp signature
That ship's sending
identical to the Defiant's,
subspace harmonics don't match.
but the phase variance and
to break off pursuit.
Order Toran
Have him redeploy...
Sir, another perimeter alert.
Outpost 47 has detected
a cloaked ship with
their antiproton beam.
Tell Toran to head
for Outpost 47.
The Defiant has de-cloaked
and has begun to
attack the outpost.
We've lost contact
with Outpost 47.
Incoming message from Gul Toran.
The Defiant has re-cloaked
and its last known heading
was 148
mark 215.
It's headed directly into the
heart of Cardassian territory.
KORINAS:
Commander Sisko,
you should be commended.
I only wish we had someone with
such keen tactical instincts
who could have prevented
this invasion of our territory.
the security perimeter,
We're past
out of their sensor range.
They're using antiproton
beams to scan for us.
Adjust the cloak's
resonance frequency
so they can't
detect us again.
Damage report.
Right.
We took six hits
on the port shields.
There's been
some minor damage
to the outer hull, but all
systems are operational.
Tough little ship.
Set a course for the
shipyard at Omekla III.
We'll let that be
the place that...
Report.
( alarm blares )
We've lost main power,
and the cloak is off-line.
Looks like two plasma
conduits blew out.
Where?
Deck 3, section 15.
Crew quarters.
Major Kira's been busy.
Looks like
You crossed the replicator
power converter
with the plasma
manifold, I take it.
Nice work.
That's right.
You know I'll have that thing
bypassed in 30 minutes.
At least that'll be 30 minutes
that we're visible.
Fortunately, I was able
to take us into a nebula.
No one's going
to see us.
Thanks.
You're lucky you
only got singed.
You know, the whole plasma relay
could have exploded.
Yeah, that was the idea.
You've been fighting Cardassians
most of your life.
with what we're doing here.
I know that you sympathize
because they invaded my home.
I fought the Cardassians
in the Demilitarized Zone.
You don't live
You don't have family there.
Why are you in this fight?
in the Demilitarized Zone
Because people are dying
and Starfleet isn't doing
anything about it.
only raises the stakes.
Taking the Defiant
The Cardassians are going
to send a fleet after you.
more people hunting you down
They are going to kill
during those border raids.
than they ever did
the Defiant is going to stay
You're assuming
in the Demilitarized Zone.
Let's go to the Bridge.
I think we'd all feel better
having you someplace
we can keep an eye on you.
15 outposts
have checked in.
No sign of the Defiant.
26 warships have scanned
14 cubic light-years of space
with antiproton beams--
no Defiant!
What are the possibilities?
They're still under cloak
into Cardassian space.
and heading deeper
They're laying low
and waiting for
some unknown reason.
Dukat.
Hmm?
Are you listening to me?
Oh, I'm sorry, Commander.
about my son's birthday.
I was thinking
Really?
Yes, today is
his 11th birthday.
Oh.
I'd promised to take him
to the amusement center
in Lakarian City.
He always wanted to go...
but I never had the time.
will be different, Mekor.
I told him, "This year
I will make the time."
This year,
experience with Jake.
I had the same
At that age, they never
understand, do they?
You just hope
that, one day later
they'll look
back and say
"Now I understand.
Now I know why he did that."
When my son looks back
on this day,
the only thing he'll remember
is that a Federation officer,
on a Federation ship
invaded his home
from him on his 11th birthday,
and kept his father away
and he won't look back
with understanding.
He'll look back with hatred...
and that's sad.
The cloak is operating
within normal parameters
but the plasma conduit damage
has caused a slight neutrino
leak in the port nacelle.
The Cardassians might
be able to detect it
even through the cloak.
A chance
we have to take.
Lay in the course
for Omekla III.
Engage at warp eight.
Warp eight.
Aye, sir.
Omekla III?
You're headed for the shipyard?
half a dozen better targets
There have to be
in this sector alone.
have the same reaction.
I hope the Cardassians
"What is he doing?
And why?"
All right, now you're trying
to keep them off balance,
keep them guessing.
Why?
The Maquis have
been hearing rumors
about shifting loyalties
in the Cardassian
government.
Certain hard-line elements
were unsatisfied
with the Federation treaty
and are doing whatever
they can to scrap it.
on an intelligence report
We got our hands
buildup in the Orias system--
outlining suspected military
Central Command isn't aware of.
a secret buildup that even the
you did all of this
You're telling me
to attack some secret base
that may or may not exist?
I'm convinced that it does.
They are building
an invasion fleet.
If we let them finish it,
these renegade Cardassians
are going to use it.
You're really not cut out
for this, are you?
Being a terrorist,
I mean.
You're not very good at it.
Really?
You're acting more like
a Starfleet officer
in intelligence reports
who's more interested
in actually hurting Cardassians.
and Cardassian politics, than
of the most powerful ships
You have one
in this Quadrant
under your command.
Why aren't you out attacking
every Cardassian outpost
along the border?
Because these stakes
are far greater
than border outposts.
Not for the Maquis,
they're not,
because the Maquis
are terrorists,
and the only thing
terrorists care about
is attacking the enemy.
I know--
I was a terrorist
and if I had
had this ship then,
I would have destroyed
Deep Space 9.
I would have hit
the Cardassians so hard,
they would have
screamed for peace.
But I certainly wouldn't
have gone flying off
into the middle
of Cardassia
on some
wild-goose chase.
I guess we're different
kinds of terrorists.
No...
you're trying
to be a hero.
Terrorists don't
get to be heroes.
We'll see.
your ships were deployed
This is how
SISKO:
before the first
Defiant attack.
And this is where
they are now.
Don't you see
what happened?
Each Defiant attack
was designed
to draw your ships
away from that sector,
leaving it virtually
defenseless.
of any value in that sector.
But there's nothing
There must be something.
Are there any M-Class
planets there?
Well, there's one--
Orias III,
but it's uninhabited.
It's desolate.
But everything seems to point
to the Orias system.
It might be worth your sending
one of your warships there,
the Defiant does show up.
just in case
All right.
Contact Gul Ranor.
Tell him to dispatch
one warship...
KORINAS:
No.
You'll send no ships
to the Orias system.
You're here as an observer.
You have no authority.
control of the Obsidian Order
That sector is under direct
and you will not enter it.
Why?!
That matter's classified.
Well.
with the Central Command later.
You can file a complaint
Open a channel
to Gul Ranor now.
Any warship sent
into the Orias system
will be destroyed.
Are you saying
that you will fire
on another Cardassian ship?
that the Obsidian Order
What I am saying is
will take whatever steps
are necessary
to protect the Orias system.
And so will I.
I've spoken to a few friends
in the Central Command.
The Obsidian Order isn't giving
them any answers, either.
The Order has
to answer to someone.
In theory, they answer
to the political authority
of the Detapa Council
just as the military does.
In practice, we both
run our own affairs.
Not a very
efficient system.
It's worked for
over five centuries.
There's an incoming message
CREWMAN:
from the Warship Kraxon.
an unusual neutrino signature
They say they've found
in their sector.
It looks
like radiation
from a damaged
warp plasma relay.
Is this signature moving?
scanning their area
No, but they're
with their antiproton beams.
Where is the Kraxon?
If it is the Defiant,
they're in position
to make a run
for the Orias system.
We still don't know
that Orias is the target.
Until we do, I can't risk
pulling ships away from
other potential targets
to chase down
a neutrino signature.
They're coming around
for another pass.
Are there any other ships
nearby?
Galor-class cruisers
There are nine
about six
light-years away.
and the Orias system?
Any ships between us
No.
a run for it,
If you make
that ship out there's
going to see
our neutrino signature
go through a phase change.
They're going to call
their nine friends
and you are going to have
a small fleet
all the way to Orias.
chasing you
They can chase me
all they want...
as long as they don't catch me.
The Kraxon reports
that the neutrino signature
has just phase-shifted
and is moving now
at warp speed
directly toward
the Orias system.
Order the Kraxon
to pursue at maximum warp.
Order all other ships
in the sector to follow.
The Kraxon is pursuing,
Full scan.
but they won't catch us
before we reach Orias.
I want to see everything
that's in that system.
When you make out your report
for the Obsidian Order,
be sure to mention
the fact
that I could
have prevented
the Defiant
from reaching Orias
if you hadn't interfered.
They will never reach Orias.
You can count on that.
CREWMAN:
Three more ships
have just appeared
in the Orias system.
DUKAT:
What kind of ships?
Cardassian warships...
Keldon-class.
are those, Korinas?
Whose ships
Why are you asking me?
were military ships,
Because if they
I would know about them.
the Obsidian Order.
So that leaves
I thought the Obsidian Order
didn't have any ships.
They're not supposed to.
In fact, they are
explicitly forbidden
from having
military equipment
of any kind.
have to fight our way to Orias.
It looks like we're going to
TOM:
Listen to me.
Those three ships
up ahead
neutrino leak and open fire.
are going to lock onto our
That means you're going
to have to fight back.
With this ship, it'll be a short
fight, I promise you that.
Let's say you disable
three ships up ahead of us.
or even destroy, those
is going to slow us down.
Fighting them at all
And then those ten ships
behind us
are going to catch up.
And not even the Defiant
can win against those odds.
We have come too far
to quit now.
You are an experienced
Starfleet officer, Tom.
Analyze the situation.
Going to Orias is suicide.
a run for it while we still can.
Now, the smart move is to make
Maybe that's what an experienced
Starfleet officer would do,
maybe that's what
Will Riker would do,
what I'm going to do.
but it's not
I'm going to continue
the mission.
It's not the mission you're
thinking about, is it?
Or even the colonists
in the Zone.
This is about you, isn't it?
You and that other
Will Riker out there.
The man with your face,
your name, your career.
You are looking for a way
to set yourself apart.
Some way to be different.
You shouldn't go fishing today.
You won't catch anything.
Take us in.
You want to know
what's going on
in the Orias system,
I know how
you can find out.
Give Riker a chance
to surrender.
The Defiant's scanned
the Orias system by now.
Its sensor logs
can tell you
everything you
want to know.
I'd be happy to accept
his surrender,
but I doubt he'll be willing
to hand over his logs.
He will, if you agree
to release Major Kira,
turn the ship and the Maquis
over to the Federation.
Impossible!
I cannot allow a group
of terrorists
after invading our territory...
to just walk away
which is important to you--
Then you must decide
Cardassian justice,
your sense of
in the Defiant's sensor logs.
or the information contained
I do want that information,
Commander,
to return your wayward ship,
and I would be willing
for what's happened here,
but someone has to pay
that someone to be me.
and I don't want
If you return the Maquis
to the Federation,
that they will stand trial
I can promise you
for what they've done.
A Federation trial.
It's the best I can do.
All right.
I would be willing
to hand over
Major Kira, the Maquis
and the ship,
but not Riker.
He led the mission.
If I can bring
him to justice
and obtain the
information on Orias,
that might be enough
for Central Command.
I might be able
to get him to do it
on one condition.
We both know
that Cardassian sentences
are determined
well in advance of the trial.
I'd like you to arrange
a sentence other than death.
( sighs )
I'll have to clear that
with the Ministry
of Justice.
You'd better make it quick.
We're approaching
the first cruiser.
They'll be in phaser range
in 15 seconds.
De-cloak the ship.
Go to impulse.
Raise shields and
stand by phasers.
Go to heading 118
mark 310.
Lock on phasers.
Fire.
Direct hit on the cruiser's
port nacelle.
Their shields
are down by 30 percent.
TAMAL:
We've been hit on
our starboard shield.
TAMAL:
Shields holding.
Quantum torpedoes--
full spread.
Torpedoes locked
on target.
Fire!
Their defense systems
are off-line,
and they've lost
main power.
Tom, three more cruisers
have just appeared
in the Orias system.
ahead of us and ten behind.
That makes five ships
Resume our original course
to the Orias system.
Stand by emergency
power to the shields.
from Cardassia Prime.
Incoming message
It's Gul Dukat
and Commander Sisko.
On screen.
of the Second Order.
This is Gul Dukat
that if you surrender your ship,
I am authorized to tell you
none of you will be harmed.
Is that right?
Listen to him, Lieutenant.
If you surrender,
the Defiant and its crew
will be handed over
to a Federation starship
at the Cardassian border.
Why the sudden generosity?
He wants the Defiant's
sensor logs
on the Orias system.
They're worth a lot more
to him than Maquis prisoners.
I don't buy it.
The Cardassians aren't going
to just let us walk away.
You're right.
Someone has
to pay the price.
The deal is,
Me.
you'll be tried and convicted
in a Cardassian court
and then sentenced
to spend the rest of your life
in the Lazon II labor camp.
No death sentence, huh?
That must have taken some doing.
Some.
Give me a moment.
Tom.
There's no reason
for you to continue.
They're offering
you a way out.
The only reason
not to take it
is because you
want to die.
I have a mission to complete.
That mission
is over.
to make it to Orias.
You're never going
You know that, Tom.
out there ahead of you,
There are five ships
but there may be 50 waiting
there, for all we know.
Be a Starfleet
officer one last time.
Think of your crew.
to go out in a blaze of glory
I know you want Tom Riker
for the next ten years.
that they talk about
Don't drag them along with you.
On screen.
I agree to your terms.
You need to reverse course
SISKO:
and surrender the Defiant
to one of the ships
that's been following you.
It will take
too long to explain
Why?
but the ships coming out
of the Orias system
are not under
Gul Dukat's control.
RIKER:
I see.
I've ordered the Kraxon
to put her shields
around you
as soon as you arrive.
You'll be safe
once you get there.
Understood.
Turn us about.
Lay in a course
for the Kraxon.
Do it.
DUKAT:
Those are faster than
any Keldon-class ships
I've ever seen.
What is going on
in that system?
We're 100 million kilometers
from the Kraxon.
TAMAL:
Incoming message.
Let's hear it.
This is Gul Ranor of the Kraxon.
Cut your engines
in five seconds,
our shields around you.
and we will extend
Acknowledged.
Kalita.
All stop.
DUKAT:
They won't fire
on another Cardassian ship.
They can't.
They're moving off.
KALITA:
back to the Orias system.
They've set course
TOM:
Transmit the Orias III
sensor logs to the Kraxon,
and tell them to prepare
to beam me aboard.
I'm turning command over
to Major Kira.
She'll get you back
to the Federation.
personally responsible
I'm holding you
to see that these people get
a fair trial.
I give you my word.
We'll get you
out of there, Tom.
I promise you that.
Riker to Kraxon.
GUL RANOR:
Go ahead.
One to beam up.
Set course for the Federation.
Warp eight.